# 1.『I tried having sex with my female friend』

1. "I tried having sex with my female friend"]

Mikiri's a classmate and a friend A woman who's in a good relationship with everyone in the class but isn't close to a specific group. Mikiri's a girl who walks her own pace

And the only one hanging out with that Mikiri is me, Kaiwa Mamoru.

「Did you know, Mamoru? Kimura-san and Tanaka-kun from our class were dating」

「Seriously? Congrats to them」

「Then, they just broke up just the other day」

「Woah. I almost told them that」

「This is why I told you they "were" dating」

Mikiri brings her hand to her lips to cover her laugh. This girl. She did that on purpose.

We're having lunch in the rooftop with the bread we purchased from the canteen. I like this hour and Mikiri seems the same. If not, this woman who's not interested in dealing with others wouldn't talk to me.

「Our School life is buried in so much landmines that you have to walk a tight rope」

「You have to read the mood for that. People dating and breaking up are an everyday occurence」

「Men don't get that. Women read the room all the time」

「Reading the subtleties is what makes men popular, you don't know that?」

I call bullshit. She may look like she's sensitive with the hearts, but she's got no interest in the love stories of her classmates. Mikiri's got that relieved look on her face. Her interest in love stories of other people are just the same as checking out the rock at the side of the road.

Mikiri's lack of interest in others is why she gets along with me It's quite difficult to explain but, well, you could probably take it as if we're getting along. Women who describe themselves who describe themselves as no-nonsense are often actualy clingy and high-maintenance, but the truth is Miki's got a straightforward personality so she's easy to get along with  She's a cutie, but she treats me, a guy, like a friend, and she's quite laid-back.

Mikiri leans on the rooftop fence then took out the apple juice from her pocket and started sipping.

「Why does everyone chase after romance? I don't get it」

「Well, that's because you haven't fallen in love yet」

「But, people break up in the end. They start dating, then they'll break up. So what's the point in that? To me it looks like you're just dating to pile on stress」

That's cold-hearted of her. She might not be suited for romance.

Mikiri looked this way.

「What are your thoughts about romance, Mamoru?」

「Well. I got nobody in mind. I also find it troublesome. I don't have a heart of a woman」

「I can't imagine Mamoru getting lovey-dovey with a girl」

「You too」

「True」

Mikiri curled her lips to a smile, showing her lips.

「I'll pass on getting a lover. I prefer having this kind of idle talk with Mamoru」

「Oh. That one made me flutter」

「Eeh? You're being bothersome for a guy」

Knowing that it's a joke, Mikiri slaps my shoulder.

「Let's stay as both romance deniers together」

「It's not like I'm denying romance outright」

It's just that I haven't met a woman who'd say "I'd be willing to shoulder the burden he comes with."

Just as I was about to speak, Mikiri brings her finger to my lips. That surprised me

(Mikiri?)

I get what she's trying to say We were hearing footsteps heading towards the rooftop door. Then, a voice of a boy and girl.

We get to monopolize this place because there's a no entry sign on the rooftop. If the teachers find us, it's a lot of trouble.

「Hide」

「Yeah」

We hid ourselves. Then, we realized.

「Wait, since the rooftop is off limits, there's no need to hide」

「You should've said that sooner--」

Mikiri glared at me.

--The door clicked open We hear two people's footsteps. Mikiri and I peeped together, and they're a couple from our class.

「That's Matsubara-san and Ueki-kun」

「Yeah. What are they doing here?」

No, I can figure that out already. They must be having a couple's tryst. In short, they're about to--

「Chu♡　chu♡　Hmm, chuchu♡」

In short, this is what they're doing! The two started kissing and hugging. They're even going as far as putting their tongues in.

「Woah. That's rich. Too passionate」

「Don't stare too much」

「It's worse to be sympathetic at this point」

Having completely turned into nosy busybodies, we peeked at our classmate's romantic encounter. Getting bold since there's nobody watching, Ueki

「Seriously? They're having sex here?」

「Other people....Watching our classmates have sex? That's hot」

「Matsubara-san looked meek but to think that she's this experienced」

While I was shocked, Ueki puts on the condom on his dick with accustomed movements Then, he leaned on Matsubara-san and lifted up her legs. Then, he started humping.

(That's vivid. Hot)

Matsubara-san's important part isn't visible, but a man and a woman piling up and squirming around can be heard breathing roughly. That's going to be my fap material tonight.

「Ah. Ah♡　Hmm. Uuuu. Hmm♡」

Matsubara-san's moaning from sex. She usually doesn't even talk.

「Uuuu」

Ueki moans. Huh? Cumming already? What a premature ejaculator.

Both of them stood up, fixed their clothes, then gave each other a kiss. Then, they went off the rooftop while holding hands. Leaving a used condom where they used to be.

「We just saw something outrageous」

I turned around, I see Mikiri blushing on her cheeks and brushing her hair to her ear. Then, she placed her hand on her cheek and said;

「Hey, does sex feel that good?」

「What do you mean?」

「I mean, they did it in school, right? That meant that they couldn't hold it until they return home」

Is that so? Well, it feels great for men to ejaculate, so sex must feel amazing. Not that a virgin like me would know.

I fell silent and Mikiri looked up at me and said:

「If I say I want to give it a try, want to do it with me?」

「Huh?」

I was stunned.

「Are you serious?」

「I'm not interested in romance. But, I'm interested in sexy stuff. I'm still a girl in puberty」

Mikiri looked away bashfully and combed her hair.

「I mean, Mamoru to be honest, I masturbate a lot」

「Ooh」

I got hard from that revelation.

「I also masturbate a lot」

「I see. You're a guy after all」

Mikiri grabbed my hand and gave me a wet look.

「Want to give it a try?」

「Seriously?」

「Yeah. ....What about you?」

「Not that I hate it」

「I see」

Mikiri gently smiled, and she speaks in a charming tone.

「Let's skip the afternoon class」

Even someone cynical would guess what she's trying to say. I nodded, and grasped her hand back.

「We're bad students」

「You're right. Ehehe. I guess」

Mikiri's expression is so cute that I felt my heart flutter.

