# ２.『Trial Sex with my Cute Female Friend』♡

With that said, I'm about to test out sex with my female friend. Is this fine? No, the person herself had said it so I don't think I can get a complaint about non-consent. Besides, Mikiri's not the type to do that.

Oh, while I was thinking, I hear the chime. We're now skipping classes. This is going to be a long scolding later. I feel my stomach churning.

「I mentioned testing it out, but how far are we going to do it?」

Mikiri touched her lips in thought as I asked.

「Let's start with the basics, how about insertion?」

「Just insertion? You're not letting me check your tits?」

「Of course not. I'm not showing off my breasts in school. If someone comes, how can we fool them?」

I was considering moving somewhere else, but Mikiri's fully intent on starting it on the rooftop. Our first will be outdoors --worse, the school rooftop. That's just abnormal. She got too stimulated.

Me too.

「Speaking of which, do you have a condom with you?」

「I do. They give it out during the health class. I have it in my uniform pocket」

「Seriously? Why do you have it there?」

I asked, then Mikiri pulls out a condom from her pocket, then hides her lips.

「Hmm. Just in case Mamoru starts assaulting me?」

「Do I seem that untrustworthy?」

「I do trust you, Mamoru. But what I don't trust is Men's lust」

「You're saying as if my lower half is a separate entity」

Well, men who get their lust to the limit are fools. That's reasonable.

「Mamoru? What about the condom you received in class?」

「Already used it when masturbating」

「What an idiot」

「What now? The class also told us to try putting them on」

「How would girls even test that out? Would they tell their male friend "I'm putting it on you"」

「That sounds slutty」

Of course, I'm talking to Mikiri so we're back to the silly idle talks. Even if it's our first sex, a situation where we should be tense, I'm actually relaxed. Mikiri also doesn't seem tense, I think this is right way for us.

「Then, why don't we?」

Mikiri sat down on the rooftop floor. I took my blazer off and lay it on the ground.

「Lie on this instead. Otherwise, you'll hurt your back」

「Thanks. Mamoru's a gentleman」

「I only did what's natural」

「Ueki-kun didn't do any of that」

Now that she mentioned it. Ueki's surprisingly crude with his partner. He's also a premature ejaculator.

「There we go」

Mikiri lay down on my blazer and looked up at me. I feel a jolt of excitement seeing my female friend's innocent expression.

「Do we not start with touching?」

「Depends on the location. We need to get it done quick. Besides」

Mikiri's cheeks dyed red as she gives a bashful look.

「I'm already wet」

「Really?」

「I mean, I got to watch something so exciting」

It was our classmates having sex. It's completely different from watching AV. Being there watching it for real was amazing.

「Also, I already went to the toilet before coming here and we had PE this morning. I haven't had shower yet, I'd rather not do foreplay」

「I don't really mind. Well, I won't force it if you don't want it」

In short, my job is to put on the condom, put it in, pour out my semen. Somehow, that sounds like office work.

「Come, pull down your pants. Even if class is already in session, someone might still come here」

「Yeah」

I unhooked my belt and lowered my pants. My pants are pitching up a tent.

「Woah. Amazing」

Mikiri's super curious, gazing at my crotch. I'm suddenly getting embarrassed, but it's already too late so I just pulled down my pants as my face is turning red in realization. Seeing the penis attached to my crotch, Mikiri exclaims in awe.

「That's big. Is this the norm for the boys?」

「I don't know, never compared them. Well, it's probably on the bigger side?」

「Hmm. Got it」

Mikiri glances at my penis curiously. She's brimming with interest.

I grabbed the condom from Mikiri, opened the packaging, and put it on my penis. Then, Mikiri flips up her skirt. That revealed her light blue laced underwear.

「Ooh, that's sexy」

「Hurry up and put it in already」

Mikiri's embarrassed but she pulled her panty to the side. She stared at mine and yet... A thick pink shellfish has appeared. It's glistening from the wetness and it's sexy. Also, it's twitching.

Mikiri's hands reach out to me.

「Go ahead. We're doing a trial so do it quick」

「Oh, yeah」

I circle around her back and then stick to her abdomen. I feel the warmth and stickiness of her pussy through the condom. I mean, it just slides in.

「It's over here」

Mikiri used her hand to adjust the angle of the penis That made my spine shiver. My dick is drawing a wet patch on her opening. I used my body weight and pierce through her in one breath.

「Hmmmm!!!」

「Woahh」

We moaned at the same time. Woah. It was hot outside, but it was hotter and wetter inside her. Her meat wall is wrapping tightly around me. This stiffened virgin pussy is violently stimulating. Mikiri circled her arm around my back and she hugs me tightly.

「Haa, haa. Does it hurt?」

「Hmm. It stings, but it had calmed down. I mean, you can move」

Mikiri shifts her weight, focusing my penis deeper inside. The connecting area is wet and sexy.

「Don't push yourself too hard」

「Fufu. That's kind of you. I'm fine. You should feel it」

Mikiri's the kind one. I'll take it slowly, moving my penis gently into her pussy.

「Hmm. Hmm. Hmmm」

Mikiri pressed her lips together as she makes a muffled voice. She's holding off her voice? I'll take short strokes on her pussy.

「Ah! Hmm. Slower, no. I feel your dick」

「!!」

Mikiri's cute voice says "Dick," and it only got me harder. I remember what Ueki did earlier and grabbed Mikiri's legs up.

「Aah! Ah ♡ Hmm ♡♡♡ No way, my voice ♡ It's leaking ♡」

Mikiri's turning red and her hair's disheveled. The murmuring voice leaks out from her half-open mouth is filled with sexiness. This is amazing. I'm making Mikiri feel good. It lifts up my self-esteem.

Mikiri's rough breathing and sweet voice smooths out my awkward movement. Its obvious to say but sex is a shared experience.

「Hmm ♡ Aah ♡♡ What's this ♡ S-Sex♡♡ Does it feel this good ♡ This is different from masturbating」

「Yeah, this is better than masturbating. Mikiri's voice is too sexy, your body is also soft. It's great」

The gentle weight of a living human intensifies the pleasure. Mikiri's body isn't that voluptuous, but that's just perfect for me. This feels amazing.

We're both sweating. Women's sweat smells sweet. There's also the smell of arousal as I stroke her out. The mix of different odors is incredibly alluring. I feel my reason peeling away every sniff.

「Hey, Mamoru♡ I feel like we're compatible ♡」

「Maybe, Oh shit. I'm reaching my limit」

「Already? Go ahed ♡」

Mikiri's arms and legs locked me in. Her pussy also squirms. My penis, throbbing to the limit, starts blowing out hot stuff through the urethra.

「Uuu. Aaaah!!」

「Hmmmm!!♡♡」

I reached orgasm. I blew it inside Mikiri. This feels much more satisfying than when masturbating. I'm blowing out my semen in satisfaction.

「Haa Haa ♡ Hmm ♡ Your dick's amazing ♡」

Mikiri's body is trembling. It's squirming inside. Did she cum? Her face is blushing and she's sweating on her forehead. That looks sexy.

I sway my hips, savoring the reverberations. Then, I pull out as the sensation lingers. I'm surprised at the thickness of the sperm accumulated in the condom, making it swell.

Mikiri puts back her panties on. There's an oval shaped stain at the crotch area of her panties. I also put on my pants.

「We've done it」

Mikiri's eyes are moving around

「That felt amazing. It was my first time and yet I felt it」

「Ah. Yeah...」

What do I say at times like these? I have no idea how women think.

If our trial sex already felt that good, would the real one even be better? Ugh, just imagining it already makes me hard.

「Hey, Mamoru」

「What?」

「Next time, let's go to a quiet place, okay?」

I had to double take when I heard Mikiri say that. Next time? There's a continuation?

「I thought we were just trying it out?」

「Yeah. And the test did say that it felt great. So let's feel good again next time」

「Mikiri-san, did you get addicted to sex?」

I asked jokingly, but Mikiri combs her hair bashfully.

「Yeah... I think I like it」

「Oh, okay」

I'm shocked. What a lewd confession. We just finished the deed and yet I got hard again.

Mikiri picked up the used condom and smiled.

「We've become friends who do have sex」

「You mean, Sex friends?」

「That makes it sound like all we do is sex. That's not our relationship」

Mikiri shows a wide smile.

「We do have sex, but we're also good friends」

---And so, mikiri and I have become friends who also have sex.

