# ３.『The issue of Being Favored by my Friend's Sister』

I accidentally kissed my female friend it became awkward after--Or so how the common stories goes, but I just had sex with Mikiri yesterday and she was the same as always.

「There's drinkable hamburger, right? If I was in danger and had to live on hamburger, I'd get it, but I never even wanted to drink hamburger」

「It's the texture you enjoy. The feeling of biting onto the meat is important.」

During lunch break, we were having some silly talk that I start to wonder might be pretending to be calm about it.

(I've really done it with her...That was amazing)

We tried out sex and the results were pretty run-of-the-mill. The natural desire of wanting to do more is swelling up. However, I feel like it would be wrong to just say 'Iet's do it again today' That would turn us into sex friends. Mikiri and I are friends, and sex is just one of our options so I'd rather not do it too much or it would be bad for us. Having a good sense of distance as friends is important.

「Mamoru? Are you listening?」

「Hmm? Oh, about whether or not Tofu Burger counts as a burger, right?」

「I wasn't asking something that complicated. Well, if you're making hamburgers out of tofu then you still haven't let go of your desire for meat」

「You should just eat meat instead」

I've realized that I've been thinking a lot about sex recently that it's becoming unsettling. It's natural when a healthy high school boy gets to experience sex. Damn this puberty stage! While I was busy thinking about such, Mikiri speaks to me.

「So, when's the next one?」

「Next?」

「You know. That...」

That? Are we still talking about hamburgers? Then, I realized.

「Err, are we talking about pro wrestling?」

「Your metaphor's disgusting. Well, about that. Something like night shift?」

It feels weird that we're having a coded conversation while there are a lot of classmates around. Mikiri licks her lips, then smiled mischievously.

「How about today? Nobody's home until late」

「Oh, seriously? No, for real? Right after yesterday?」

「They do say to strike while the iron's hot」

Mikiri-san shows a nasty look. We're in a complicit relationship. That said, I've got no reason to refuse either. I put my hands on the desk and gave her a deep nod.

「Then, let's have a fun match」

「Match. That's funny」

Mikiri laughed out. All she could think about is sex too, what a perverted woman. I can't get enough. I'm already pitching a tent here.

◯

After school. As Mikiri and I walk down the hallway a petite girl with medium length hair had appeared. Her face looks well built and I'd say she has a meek and cute look. I raised my hand and called her.

「Tochika-chan」

「Ah, Mamoru-senpai

The girl walking with downcast eyes noticed me and came running over with a soft smile. She's Oikaze Tochika-chan. I'm sure you can tell from her last name, she's Mikiri's sister.

「Senpai's heading home already?」

「Yeah. You got club activities, Tochika-chan?」

「Yes! I'm on my way there」

Tochika-chan is in the wind ensemble club. She feels like that.

「Onee-chan too. You're with Mamoru-senpai」

「Yes. I'm going to play with Mamoru」

「Nice. I want to play with Mamoru-senpai too」

「That's fine. What do we play then?」

I asked and Tochika-chan bashfully presses her fingers together.

「I-I think, anything as long as it's with Mamoru-senpai...Ehehe」

「As usual, Tochika's head over heels for Mamoru」

「N-No! It's more of respect」

「Really?」

「Uuuuu」

「Don't tease her too much」

Mikiri looks energized from teasing Tochika-chan. She's just so cute that you can't resist it.

Tochika-chan looked down blushing, then she got surprised.

「Oh no. I'm going to be late! Senpai, Onee-chan.」 See you late---r」

She waved her hand and then she run down the hallway in a hurry.

I saw Tochika-chan off with a smile then Mikiri started elbowing me.

「Mamoru sure spoils Tochika a lot」

「Well, I'm thankful that someone yearns. I'm just happy」

「She's a shy girl, and yet she was already fond of Mamoru from the first meeting」

「Hmm. Well, it was our first time meeting」

I recall my first meeting with her. She's Mikiri's sister so I met her while I was playing at her house--wait, no, I met Tochika-chan before that.

Last summer, while I was out shopping in town, I saw a girl looking unwell at the bench near the station. She looked like a middle school girl, I think? She's sitting on the bench, under the shade, breathing slowly and staring at the ground.

I called her out.

「You good there? You seem to be struggling」

She slowly looked up. She looks pale.

The girl replied.

「Ah, I-I'm fine... Ah」

Dripping. She's bleeding from her nose. It's hot in here. The blood's rushing to her head.

「Use this」

I bring out a handkerchief. She covered her nose with her hand, rubbing her forehead with a jerky motion

「No, I can't. It will get dirty」

「Don't worry about that. Excuse me then」

「Fugu」

I pressed the handkerchief against her nose. Her blood started soaking it.

「I got tissues on my right pant pocket. Use that to wipe it dry」

「Fugu」

She nods and then apologetically puts her hand to my pocket. Then, she wiped her bloodied hand and turns her head up to her back. I pat her head.

「When you're having a nosebleed, it's better to look down. If you turn your head backwards, the blood will only go to your throat. Hold your nose and face forward. Yep, I think that already stopped?」

「Am Sobby」

She's grateful. I went to a nearby vending machine and bought a pocari for her.

「It doesn't seem like heatstroke, but you should still be careful」

「Yes. U-Uhm. What about your handkerchief?」

「Don't sweat it. You can have that. It's not expensive」

I laughed it off, but she shook her head.

「I can't leave it at that. I'll buy you a new one」

「What an upright girl. Then, let's swap contact」

「Yes」

And so, I naturally took her LINE contact, then parted ways with her.

I take a look at her profile. Her name is written with the Kanji of Ten, Thousand, and Flowers.

That evening, she gave me a call.

「Hello?」

『Good evening. I just want to say thanks for earlier』

「You're welcome」

I looked at the phone display. Hmmm. I don't know how to read her name.

「Hey, How do I read your name?」

『It's read as Tochika』

「Tochika-chan? That's a cute name」

Tochika-chan! I'm hearing something amazing on the other side.

「Are you okay? I heard something over there」

『I, I'm sorry.  I was just surprised』

「Really?」

Seems like she's a fun girl. I laughed out loud.

I hear a noise over the phone, sounding like someone's trying to calm their breathing.

『Uhm, I went shopping for handkerchief earlier. I'd like to give them to you』

「Then, how about the next break?」

『I'm available. Err, as for the location』

「My home, wait, that sounds wrong. How about I visit your home instead, Tochika-chan?」

『Y, Yes. Onee-chan's here. I talked to her about what happened and she'd like to say her thanks too』

「She doesn't have to mind」

The call ended and after that, she sent a message. Another thank you message, and her address.

Hmm? Isn't this?

That day, I went to a stylish, single family home.

「I knew it」

I pressed on the intercom. The door clicked and two girls appeared.

「Ah!」

「Ah」

「Ah」

--And so, Tochika-chan was actually Mikiri's little sister.

「It really surprised me back then. To think that the shy Tochika would bring someone home」

Mikiri was feeling moved. That sounds misleading.

「Mamoru's quite the gentleman. When a girl is in trouble, you go help them out without ulterior motives」

「I only did what's natural」

I scratch my cheek. Mikiri smiled at me.

「Be sure to treat Tochika well」

「Yeah」

Even if she didn't tell me that, Tochika-chan is a cute junior of mine. She's a feast for the eyes.

「Hmm, hmm! Hmmm~」

I left the school with Mikiri, who's in an unusual good mood.

