# 4. 『My Female Friend Became Obsessed with Sex』♡

「Come in」

「Yeah」

I stepped into Mikiri's private room, invited by her. Well, I've already visited this house to play a lot, and I've already met her parents multiple times. I went there as a friend though.

I think I heard somewhere that a person's character is reflected in their room. I think they have a point. I mean, Mikiri's room only has the bare necessities and it would be too rough for a girl of her age to have this kind of room.

「Your room's got nothing. It's too late to point that out now」

「It's not like it would be amazing if there's a lot of stuff in here」

Mikiri chuckled at my comment.

Mikiri's room only contained a bed, a desk, and a shelf filled with textbooks and dictionaries. There's also a rug spread out on the floor and a coffee table on top. And that's all of it! It got me confused when I first came in here. The fact that there's not a single stuff toy makes her feel too masculine instead.

Back then, I asked her if she ever collects books or manga, she replied that she buys them digitally. Looking back, I realized that I haven't book physical books in a while. The convenience of digital is just too good. Paper books are also a hassle to manage, so this is just the trend of times.

Mikiri put her blazer on the hanger, loosened up her tie, then spoke casually.

「Well then, I'm taking a shower. You got your condom with you?

「Yeah, I bought some」

「Show me the receipt next time. I'll pay for half」

「Miss Diligent」

「A boon of my parent's teaching」

I joked around, then Mikiri left the room with her clothes and towel--then she turned around smiling mischievously.

「Don't fish for my undies, okay?」

「No way. Don't underestimate me」

「Not interested in my panties?」

「I am. Although, panties have their value when worn my a woman」

「Ahaha. Gross」

The back-and-forth banter feels strangely comforting. Was it alright to have this relaxed mood just before sex?

I sat down on the rug and took out my phone without thought. What should a man do while the girl is in the bathroom? Strength Training

「Wait, should I take a shower too? Should I take one after her? Maybe I should ask」

I already graduated from my virginity, but my mind is still thinking like a virgin. I'm still a beginner so I don't know.

After a while, Mikiri returned to the room. Seeing her slightly flushed skin and moist hair is so sexy.

「Should I go take a shower too?」

「No need. I like Mamoru's smell」

「Hmm? What?」

I just heard something amazing just now, yet Mikiri's calm. Huh? Am I going through puberty or what?

I mean, Mikiri's loungewear looks absurdly cute. It's just T-shirt and short pants, a casual look, but still. This non-decorated look is sexy on the contrary.

Mikiri rolled up the bedding and tapped the sheets.

「When I'm alone, I usually spread out the towel, but... Well, I'm changing the sheets once we're done so let's stay like that for now」

「H-Hmm... When you're alone, I see」

That felt strangely vivid to me. I can imagine it strongly.

Mikiri's grinning.

「Mamoru-kun, you're making a pervy face」

「We were about to do pervy stuff, making a serious face would be scary, right?」

「Ahaha. Good point」

Mikiri laughed, then she touches her shirt. Then, she looked at me and said;

「Mamoru, take yours off. I feel stupid being the only one naked here」

「I guess so」

I unhooked my belt. Mikiri also took off her shirt and her pants. Oh, she's wearing white undies. The pure look is nice.

It would be bad to keep staring at her. I happily took off my shirt and got on my undies. I turn around and see Mikiri completely naked, sitting on the edge of the bed. I gulped.

「What? Why are you staring that hard」

「No, It's my first time seeing you naked, of course I want to take a look」

「Really? Well, it's not a big deal. Ogle as much as you want」

Mikiri puts her hand behind her back, putting emphasis on her breasts. Ooh. It makes me shiver. She's got pink nipples, unlike those women in porn! Mikiri's surprisingly forthcoming, isn't she. She has a flawless skin with no blemishes, a lovely and sexy hips! Also, her pubic hair's quite sparse. Hmm, I see.

「You're still staring! You gaze as if you're licking me and it's embarrassing」

Mikiri shouted in embarrassment. I guess I have to hold myself at least.] I'm reflecting on that.

I also creep up to her bed. The weight of the two people causes the spring to creak.

「Then, put it in. Let's fuck」

「Wait, wait. Let's start with foreplay」

Mikiri tilts her head.

「I'm already wet you see? Just put it in like usual」

「Wet? No, let's get our mood up first」

I persuaded her then Mikiri reluctantly agreed to it.

「I guess. I can't do acting you know?」

Mikiri snorts laughing.

「『Aaahn♡ So good ♡』is just acting you know. Never did that even when masturbating」

--10 minutes later.

「Aaaah!! ♡♡ So good ♡♡ No, no ♡♡ Don't grind me there ♡♡」

「You sound like an instant loss 2 panel comic」

My fingers are clamped down and Mikiri's face is blushing as she gasps. Back when I was just playfully teasing her around the entrance, she could laugh and say “hee hee, ticklish!” But when I twisted her finger all the way in, she started to gasp for air, “huf-huf,” and making a racket as she twisted and turned inside her vagina, letting out a completely inappropriate and unrestrained cry.

「Hmmmmm!! ♡♡ Wait ♡♡ I can't ♡ I can't ♡ I never knew it woudl be this good ♡♡」

「Unlike doing it yourself, you're getting touched at different places. Of course it would be different」

「This breaks composure!」

Mikiri's dripping in sweat and her body's flushed. Her pussy's wet and it's leaking out her fluids to the sheet.

Mikiri looks at me with wet eyes and whispered in a hoarse voice.

「Please, I can't take it anymore  ♡ I want your dick ♡ Put it inside me ♡」

My female friend humps her hips and begs me to put it in. She's too sexy that I got hard. I took off my briefs that had my penis sticking out and put on the condom. Then, I hold her down on the bed and press the tip of my dick to her entrance.

「Hmmmm!! ♡♡♡」

Mikiri who got disheveled after the foreplay is too sexy that I can't hold it in, I went inside her in one breath. My dick got swallowed to the root, and then Mikiri covered her mouth with both hands as she breathes roughly.

「Fuufuu♡♡ Hmm ♡♡ Muuu ♡♡ haaa ♡♡ Fuuu ♡♡」

「Don't hold off your voice」

I grabbed her thighs and tapped to the inner part, Mikiri grabbed the pillow and violently disheveled her hair.

「Ah! ♡♡ Waah ♡♡ Your dick's too big ♡♡ My inside's getting scrapped!!」

「Going that far?」

Well, hearing her say that doesn't feel bad. Mikiri's vagina was exquisitely relaxed and wet, and with each thrust, a wave of intense pleasure surged through my brain. The sound of friction, punctuated with the popping of her fluids and the resounding thud of her belly against hers, created an overwhelmingly erotic soundscape.

「Haa, haa. You like it here? Your pussy's twitching」

「Aaaauuu♡ No, not that place ♡♡ I'm making a naughty face ♡♡」

Mikiri completely lost her usual composed expression, swaying gracefully with a blissful, lost-in-pleasure face. I was reaching a peak of euphoria, savoring the feeling of having this private, un-showable scene all to myself.

I grind my hips and grabbed her breasts. It's bouncy and squishy. My hands stick and the peculiar feeling takes me as their prisoner.

「Aaaah ♡♡ Auuuu ♡♡ It's coming ♡♡ So hot ♡♡ My Belly feels so good!! ♡♡」

Mikiri's brain has melted. Her vocabulary has taken a sharp decline. She's swaying her hips back and forth, greedily indulging in pleasure. Her face has become slovenly too.

「Ah, I can't get enough. I'll get serious now!!」

「Hmmmm!?!?♡♡♡」

Bursting my reason, I held Mikiri's body tight and started slamming my dick into her pussy with a violent piston. Mikiri gave me a melting look as she coils her legs around my hips helping my piston further. Her sweat-slicked skin clung to me, and the weight of her body was so comforting and enticing that my hips wouldn’t stop swaying!

「Aah! ♡♡ Hmm ♡♡ Cumming! I'm cumming ♡♡♡♡ Cumming!! ♡♡♡」

Mikiri's legs reached a quick orgasm. Her body's convulsing and her vaginal wall is undulating. My penis is getting squeezed and reached the limit quickly.

「Uuu. Ooh. Uuu」

I finished inside Mikiri. The pleasure of ejaculation was incomparable to the excitement of doing it first time. Mikiri's scent filled my nose as my semen starts pouring out.

「Fuu, fuuu……♡　This is amazing, the best ♡」

Mikiri sways back and forth with a blissful expression, basking in the afterglow I swayed along with the rhythm, releasing to the last drop.

After savoring the afterglow, I pull uot my dick. The condom is filled with cloudy liquid.

I finished up silently, feeling embarrassed, I put on my clothes. I glanced over to see Mikiri, she's blushing, putting on her bra. The room is filled with a thick smell of sex. What's this. Too lewd.

「Sex is quite amazing, don't you think?」

Mikiri finally speaks up. Is she lightheaded?

「I can't endure this. I think I'm on a horny phase」

Mikiri-san has become completely addicted to sex. Well, same for me.

「Having some protection is the standard, but, Well, I also want it. I can go along as long as you want」

「Yeah... Ehehe」

Mikiri laughed and she picked up the tied up condom and stared at it.

「You have this much sperm in it, Mamoru really got excited I see. Not bad」

I've been with Mikiri for two years already but this is the first  time I've ever seen her that happy.

